README.md, before:

## Edyta Kierepka

I am a creative and passioned about everything I do women that always change her dreams to her goals.
For over one year I am trying to put my vision in the code that I'm learning.
The most thrilling thing about tech is that it has no limits - exactly the same as my imagination!

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.

#### Development Projects

Before I joined Makers Academy I was learning how to code on my own. Attending Codebar workshops every week and even made it to GDG DevFest London 2018 conference.
I was creating small applications using React and simple websites using HTML, CSS, and pure JavaScript. I had no idea how to test my code at that time.

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (24/06/2019 to 11/10/2019)

- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### The State Higher Vocational School in Ciechanow (10/2015 to 07/2018)

- Nursing

#### Any other qualifications

That in some arguable way make you a better software developer or well-rounded person

## Experience

**Company Name** (start*date to end_date)
\_Your job title*

- Any experience relevent to software development

**Company Name** (start*date to end_date)
\_Your job title*

- Any experience relevent to software development

## Hobbies

- dressage
- bass guitar
- weight lifting

Commit message:

add skill Team Work in Skills

README.md, after:

## Edyta Kierepka

I am a creative and passioned about everything I do women that always change her dreams to her goals.
For over one year I am trying to put my vision in the code that I'm learning.
The most thrilling thing about tech is that it has no limits - exactly the same as my imagination!

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.

#### Development Projects

Before I joined Makers Academy I was learning how to code on my own. Attending Codebar workshops every week and even made it to GDG DevFest London 2018 conference.
I was creating small applications using React and simple websites using HTML, CSS, and pure JavaScript. I had no idea how to test my code at that time.

#### Team Work

As I was studying towards my Nursing degree I had to team up with the other students to work together during our practical classes. Without each other help and cooperation, we wouldn't do our job as a nurse. I realized that time that big part of my medical knowledge comes from learning from working with the other people and not only reading the book or articles.

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (24/06/2019 to 11/10/2019)

- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### The State Higher Vocational School in Ciechanow (10/2015 to 07/2018)

- Nursing

#### Any other qualifications

That in some arguable way make you a better software developer or well-rounded person

## Experience

**Company Name** (start*date to end_date)
\_Your job title*

- Any experience relevent to software development

**Company Name** (start*date to end_date)
\_Your job title*

- Any experience relevent to software development

## Hobbies

- dressage
- bass guitar
- weight lifting
